How a oriental
boiled brands
reflected on my hand
intervene
to stone
The
endless
tapped
design
of fuji
man
god
That's why I'm going to the capital
right now
with you
I arranged to have Thursday
so I'll pick you up!
I should have told you earlier
I understand
is dead by this air clean.
Bam!
Kn Nos at bat
attacks the bar.
it jump
Will arms become swords?
Ah, love...
...weft has erasure,
although it looks like a story,
the children areウ
s...
Know Xu Je take
She had never even come just for a qualm!
This is ourbie-ma, so don't forget!
So then, recruits, do copy!
On the good island, there are thoughs.
I draw the ideas of my parents
and show my deterioration to despair.
What is this?
On my greatHelp.
In fact, that kind of house
was made for שyw buried to my grave.